Kurinto is a huge set of fonts for all purposes imaginable.

Website: https://kurinto.com/typefaces.htm

Kurinto is a large collection of free fonts that include most of the
characters in every human language. Academic publishing is an ideal
use, especially if you use software to publish PDF documents or
include text in non-European languages.

Kurinto fonts address many publishing pitfalls: costly fonts with
publishing restrictions, irregular line heights, random font changes,
enormous PDF file sizes, missing characters,
spurious layout changes, and font format incompatibility.
These roadblocks prevent many authors from creating presentable (or
even usable) PDF files.

The font is very large, 3.1 Gb.

Primary Typefaces

Text

A modern typeface designed to make body text pleasant and easy to
read. I consider this my primary go-to font for typesetting body text.
In addition to the standard variants, the Kurinto Text Music fonts
provide access to a rich set of glyphs for typesetting musical staff
notation.

Book

A classical old-style typeface based on a design from the Italian
Renaissance. It is suitable for academic works and any publication
where a classical or historical look is suitable. The diacritics are
sized and positioned for legibility. An additional variant provides
support for MUFI3 (the Medieval Unicode Font Initiative).

Sans

A clean, Gothic, sans-serif design focused on readability. Kurinto
Book Bold is distinctive in that it is more compact than the Regular
style.

Seri

A Humanist, semi-serif typeface with tapered strokes and very modest
serifs. The name Seri is a contraction of semi-serif (and also a
play on truncating the word serif).

Mono

Accommodates diverse writing systems in a faux-monospaced typeface.
The characters occupy one of of three widths: 1, 2, or 3 the width
of the Latin letters. This approach can be termed “duospaced” or
“multi-spaced”.
Secondary Typefaces

Arte

An alternative book typeface with a particular flair, based on a
Modified Venetian design.

Curv

A relaxed Humanist design suitable for informal body text or headings.

Olde

A “blackletter” design that emulates the masthead of The New York
Times.

Plot

An ultra-thin design that emulates the trace of a plotter pen. What
you are reading is actually Kurinto Plot Bold.

Roma

An old-style Garalde typeface based on the Clarendon designs of the
17th century.

Type

A multi-spaced typeface designed to evoke a typewritten feel.

Metric Compatible Typefaces

Metric compatible fonts match the metrics (i.e. glyph dimensions) of
another font. If you replace a font with a metric-compatible
alternative, the formatting of the document or web page should not
change. Line and page breaks should stay in the same locations, and
text in frames or boxes should not overflow their boundaries.

Aria

A metric-compatible replacement for Arial.

Bria

A metric-compatible replacement for Cambria.

Cali

A metric-compatible replacement for Calbri.

CMod

A metric-compatible replacement for Courier New.

CNew

A metric-compatible replacement for Courier New.

Gara

A metric-compatible replacement for Monotype Garamond.

Grga

A metric-compatible replacement for Georgia.

TMod

A metric-compatible replacement for Times New Roman with more modern
character designs.

TRom

A metric-compatible replacement for Times New Roman with traditional
character designs.

