
QtSoundModem (QtSM) is a multi-platform port of UZ7HO's SoundModem.
Many thanks to Andy for allowing me to convert his excellent software.
There are versions for Windows and Linux. If you are not familiar with
SoundModem I suggest you look at the User Guide on Andrei's site before
trying to use this program. I've only documented differences from the
original program.

Differences from original SoundModem.

QtSM is generally compatible with Soundmodem V 1.08, including FX.25
features. All modem types except BFSK FEC 4x100 are supported.

The Filter parameters are not configurable.

Sound Card Handling

Sample Rate is fixed at 12000

When running two channels the original SoundModem uses the left audio
for the first and right for the second. Mine allows either channel to
be allocated to either side. As a lot of radio interfaces are
actually mono this makes little difference but does mean if you can
access the two sides separately you could run QtSoundModem on one
and another mode on the other. If you have both channels running on
the same side you only get one waterfall.

PTT

As well as the normal RTS/DTR on a COM port QTSM supports:

Using PTT pins on sound card interfaces based
on the CM108 or CM119 Chips

Using GPIO pin(s) on platforms like the Raspberry Pi.

CAT Commands. You need to specify (in hex) the strings to be sent to
the radio for PTT on and off.

HAMLIB (rigctld)

Running without the GUI

QtSM can run without the graphics display. 

Start with command line parameter nogui.

This works on both Windows and Linux, but on Windows the only way to
close the program is to kill it using Task Manager.

It is possible to configure the program by editing the QtSoundModem.ini,
but that is far from easy, so it is better if you can run the program
in gui mode first, configure, then restart in nogui mode.

IL2P Support

QtSM now supports IL2P (Described here)

IL2P is enabled via the Modem Menu. There are four options:

None         IL2P Disabled
RX Only      Decode IP2P as well as normal ax.25, send ax.25
RX+TX        Decode IP2P as well as normal ax.25, send IL2P
IL2P Only    Decode just IL2P, send IL2P
At the moment IL2P should work in all AFSK and BPSK modes.

This package is maintained by:
Eduardo Castillo <hellocodelinux@gmail.com>
