DroidStar

This software connects to M17, Fusion (YSF/FCS, DN and VW
modes are supported), DMR, P25, NXDN, D-STAR
(REF/XRF/DCS) reflectors and AllStar nodes (as an IAX2
client) over UDP. It is compatible with all of the AMBE
USB devices out there (ThumbDV, DVstick 30, DVSI, etc).
It also supports MMDVM modems and can be used as a
hotspot, or as a stand-alone transceiver via direct mode
to the MMDVM device.

This software is open source and uses the cross platform
C++ library called Qt. It will build and run on Linux,
Windows, MacOS, Android, and iOS. No USB device support
for iOS though (AMBE vocoder or MMDVM). It should also
build and run on any other posix platform that has Qt
available (xxxBSD, Solaris, etc). This software is
provided as-is and no support is available.

There is a vocoder plugin API available for loading of
vocoder software. Any vocoder plugin used with DroidStar
should be properly licensed by the user if any copyright
patents apply. Do not use any patented vocoder plugin
that you are not licensed to use. I have no information
regarding acquiring a software vocoder.

Loading a vocoder plugin

A vocoder plugin can be downloaded from a URL, which
will place the vocoder into the correct location for the
platform. Add a full http url, including the filename,
to the Vocoder URL option on the settings tab, and click
the Download vocoder button.

For Android and iOS devices, the vocoder URL download
method is the only way to load a vocoder plugin. For
Linux/MacOS/Windows, a vocoder can also be manually
placed. Copy the plugin to the system settings file
location. On Linux, this is ~/.config/dudetronics. It is
the same place where the host and id files are located
(DMRHosts.txt, DMRIDs.data, etc).

The vocoder plugin filename must be named
vocoder_plugin.platform.arch where platform and arch can
be any of the following: platform: linux, darwin, winnt,
android, ios arch: x86_64, arm, arm64

The platform and arch for your device are identified on
the About tab.

Download codec:
https://github.com/hellocodelinux/droidstar_vocoder_plugin

NOTE: Requires imbe_vocoder
