This is the kernel-module needed by the proprietary binary nvidia
driver.  You also need the nvidia-driver package from
SlackBuilds.org.

To build the package for a kernel different from the running one,
start the script setting the KERNEL variable as in
    KERNEL=4.6.3 ./nvidia-kernel.SlackBuild

This script now includes the option to build the open kernel module
instead of the default proprietary module.  However, this version of
the open modules will not build on the 5.15.x kernel, so the script
forces the proprietary build.  To build the open module on -current,
pass "OPEN=yes" to the script.  (See notes below.)

NOTE REGARDING PAHOLE:  The kernel build now requires pahole, which is
in -current but not in 15.0.

NOTE REGARDING CURRENT AND DRM: There have been reports of display
issues with later kernels and DRM.  The kernel module now defaults to
enabling nvidia-drm.  To disable building nvidia-drm.ko, pass DRM=no
to the script.  See README.nvidia-drm for details.

If DRM=yes, a default config file is placed at 
  /usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/10-nvidia.conf
to make sure that X loads the nvidia module.  If you need to make
changes, copy that file to /etc/X11/xorg.conf.d/ and edit the copy.
You do not need this file at all if you have a proper and complete
xorg.conf.

The xf86-video-nouveau-blacklist package from /extra is required.

After installation, you will need to reboot your computer for the
changes to take effect.

NOTES ON THE OPEN KERNEL MODULE (quoted from the Nvidia driver README)

"The proprietary flavor supports the GPU architectures Maxwell, Pascal,
Volta, Turing, and later GPUs.

"The open flavor of kernel modules supports Turing and later GPUs. The
open kernel modules cannot support GPUs before Turing, because the open
kernel modules depend on the GPU System Processor (GSP) first
introduced in Turing.

"The following features will only work with the open kernel modules
flavor of the driver:

   o NVIDIA Confidential Computing

   o Magnum IO GPUDirect Storage (GDS)

   o Heterogeneous Memory Management (HMM)

   o CPU affinity for GPU fault handlers

   o DMABUF support for CUDA allocations"
