vbam (cross-platform gameboy/gbc/gba emulator)

VisualBoyAdvance-M is a Nintendo Game Boy Advance Emulator with high
compatibility with commercial games. It emulates the Nintendo Game Boy
Advance hand held console, in addition to the original Game Boy hand
held systems and its Super and Color variants. VBA-M is a continued
development of the now inactive VisualBoy Advance project, with many
improvements from various developments of VBA.

The main executable is /usr/games/vbam, which is a command-line app
with no GUI controls. Most users will prefer to use the wxWidgets GUI
executable (visualboyadvance-m).

Optional dependencies:

wxWidgets - highly recommended, autodetected (can be disabled via
WX=no). This gives you a /usr/games/visualboyadvance-m executable that
has a modern graphical user interface, plus desktop integration.

lirc - autodetected (can be disabled via LIRC=no). Allows using an
IR remote control to control the emulator. Only works with the SDL
user interface (the vbam executable). Untested by the SlackBuild
maintainer, as I don't own any lirc-compatible hardware.

x264 and x265 - autodetected. Supposedly required for recording
gameplay as video files, though it seems to work fine without them.
Only works with the wxWidgets UI (the visualboyadvance-m executable).

fmt - autodetected. Used by visualboyadvance-m, but I have no idea
what it's used for. Apparently nothing: no source file includes any of
the fmt headers...?

FAudio - autodetected. Used by visualboyadvance-m. Allows using FAudio
as an audio backend (rather than OpenAL or SDL audio). Doesn't sound
any different to me.

Notes:

The config file (vbam.ini) is shared between the visualboyadvance-m
and vbam executables, and lives in ~/.config/visualboyadvance-m/
(mentioned here because the man pages don't document this). When
upgrading versions, you might have to delete the config file if vbam
and/or visualboyadvance-m crash or act weird.

There are a couple of alternatives on SBo you might try instead of
this vbam SlackBuild: mgba and/or higan.
